Add attribute. (#1715)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/assembly_navigating-che-using-the-dashboard.adoc

:context: navigating-{prod-id-short}-using-the-dashboard

> The *Dashboard* is accessible on your cluster from a URL like `http://__<{project-context}-instance>__.__<IP-address>__.nip.io/dashboard/`.

Reviewer: Nice catch: even better:

```suggestion
The *Dashboard* is accessible on your cluster from a URL like `http://__<{prod-url}>__/dashboard/`.
```
